[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
GUIDED MISSILE
-[Jim] Roman Le Goff?
-[Roman] Here.
Jeremy Belpois?
Here, Jim.
-Yannick Piranet?
-[Yannick] Here I am.
That's the second letter for you today.
-It's not fair. I haven't gotten any.
-Be patient, Odd.
Mail call's not over. There's still hope.
And I haven't gotten anything either.
Yeah, but you don't know anyone else
besides us.
[sighs]
Sorry, Aelita, I didn't mean it that way.
[Jim] Aelita Stones,
there's a postcard for you.
That's weird.
-Tell us who it's from?
-I have no idea.
I'll bet it's from XANA.
He must be on vacation.
We've had no sign of him.
[Aelita] "Hi, Aelita. Thinking of you
in Montreal. Warmest regards."
There's no signature.
I wouldn't mind getting
something signed or not.
[Jim] Finally,
this is for Odd Della Robbia.
Last, of course, like he is in everything.
Well, it's about time.
I was wondering how long my parents
would forget their favorite son.
I'll bet it's packed with lots of goodies.
But don't worry, as you know,
I'm very generous by nature. Huh?
I wonder what's inside.
Is that all there is?
Dog food and nothing else at all?
Makes you wonder
who their real son is, you or Kiwi.
[all laugh]
Check this out.
I won first prize in a contest
from Cosmos, Future and Formula Magazine.
Oh, yeah, what's your prize?
An aerial invitation
in a jet fighter with a live,
fixed target air-to-ground strike
missile exercise.
And it's for today too!
That's cool.
[Jeremy] The problem is,
I don't remember entering the contest.
You think this could be XANA's doing?
[Odd] XANA's got nothing to do with it.
It was yours truly.
Actually, to increase my chances
of winning,
I sent in entry forms
in all of your names.
And it looked like it worked,
because Jeremy's name was drawn.
That's fine, except that
the prize can't be transferred.
I'm the only one
who has the right to go on that flight.
[[Odd] No! You're kidding.
Well, what do ya know!
I never have thought of that.
[Jeremy] I can't possibly go.
I've gotta stay near the factory.
Hey, listen, you've got to go.
This is the chance of a lifetime.
Like you said, XANA has been quiet lately.
There isn't much risk.
I can keep an eye
on the Superscan for you.
[Odd] Admit it. You're freaking out.
You're totally scared.
No, you're wrong.
For your information, I'd love to go.
-[bell ringing]
-Anyway, we've gotta go to class now.
I really envy you, Einstein.
You'll get the ride of your life.
Yeah, I'm gonna have one heck of a time.
[theme music]
[Mrs. Mayer] All right now,
let's concentrate on this exercise.
In normal orthogonal figure, O-I-J,
on given points A-B-C,
we first set up the points on a diagram.
Then we calculate the lengths AB,
AC and BC.
Then, on the diagram, we place point D
-so that the vector AB equals vector DC.
-I missed the beginning.
-Okay if I look at your paper?
-But why? It's all on the blackboard.
[Aelita] It makes my eyes tired.
-[Jeremy] What are you up to, Aelita?
-Nothing.
I want to know who wrote the card.
You think it was us who sent it?
Come on, Aelita, wake up.
Look, at the postmark.
It's Canada, not Kadic Academy.
[Aelita] You're right.
It's a real mystery.
I don't see anything mysterious about it,
Miss Stones.
You simply have to concentrate.
Yes, ma'am.
[man] After your flight,
we'll have a quick photo session
of you in the plane for our next issue
of Cosmos, Future and Formula.
Jeremy, I'd like you to meet Greg,
your pilot.
Hey there, kid. Ready to get your thrills?
I think so.
[camera flashing]
Well now, our flight will begin
with a low altitude takeoff,
after which we'll gain altitude
with some vertical and oblique climbs.
Then I'll do some barrel rolls,
banking, diving and loops
before the live fire-strike exercise
on a fixed ground target.
In brief,
we're gonna really rock and roll.
How's that for a flight plan?
Not bad, but there's just one little thing
I'd rather you left out.
Oh yeah? What's that?
-The flight.
-Huh?
Listen to me. I'm really scared of planes,
but I didn't wanna chicken out
in front of my friends.
So all you have to do is shoot
a few pictures of me in the cockpit.
That way, your readers will be happy,
your magazine will save some money,
and my friends will be convinced
that I actually flew in the jet.
Yeah, why not?
[theme music]
[puppy barking]
[Odd groans]
That stinks!
No normal dog would ever eat this stuff!
Who ever said
that your dog was normal, Odd?
-[puppy barking]
-Huh?
[knocking]
Stern, Della Robbia,
what's going on in there?
Did I hear a dog barking in this room?
Well, kind of. It was me.
[Jim] I said I heard a dog!
It was me, Jim, I swear.
You trying to make fun of me,
Della Robbia?
No, it really was me.
Whenever I eat this home-made pâté
my mother makes,
that's what happens. Woof-woof.
[sniffs]
One thing's for sure, it smells good.
Here, take it as a present, Jim.
I couldn't do that, Della Robbia,
your mom made it for you.
That's okay.
My mom always taught me to share.
-Besides, there's plenty where that--
-Thanks, Della Robbia.
Pâté's my pet… My favorite food.
Guess I lucked out on that one.
-[sighs and chuckles]
-[Ulrich chuckles]
[photographer] That's perfect! Don't move.
Gimme a smile now.
-That's it.
-[camera shutter clicks]
[tense music]
[camera shutter clicks]
[beeps]
[alarm beeping]
[digital whirring and beeping]
Oh no! Activated tower.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-Okay, thanks a lot. It's a wrap.
Fantastic.
Thank heavens I'm not going
into the heavens!
Hey.
[jet engines roaring]
What's gotten into him?
What are you trying to do?
I told you we're not supposed to take off.
I know that,
but I'm not the one in control.
[screaming]
Huh?
[keypad beeping]
Hello, Odd. We've got a problem.
Where?
Did you say the Ice Sector?
Okay, we'll go tell Yumi.
See you at the factory.
[door opens and closes]
[straining]
[jet engines roar]
Tower, this is Charlie Foxtrot 41.
Do you copy?
[control] Loud and clear,
Charlie Foxtrot. What's going on?
My on board computer
is no longer responding.
It's gone to automatic.
The plane is controlling itself,
as if some kind of virus has taken over.
XANA!
[Greg] I'm trying to activate
the software, but nothing's working.
It must be a bug.
I'm gonna try launching the procedure
for rebooting the system.
No, no! Don't do that!
Nothing to worry about, son.
We'll be landing soon,
and everything'll be back to normal.
You don't understand.
XANA will never let you manipulate
the on-board computer.
XANA? What's that, a name?
Listen, kid, this isn't some kind
of science fiction show.
It's the real thing!
-Which is going…
-[sparking]
[shouts]
Lieutenant? Are you all right, sir?
[control] Charley Foxtrot 41,
this is control. Come in please.
Here I am.
[control] Charlie Foxtrot 41,
this is control. Come in please.
I repeat,
Control to Charlie Foxtrot 41. Over.
[Jeremy] Control,
this is Charlie whatever.
The pilot's unconscious.
But don't worry about a thing.
I think I can handle the situation.
Charlie Foxtrot 41,
would you kindly identify yourself.
Jeremy Belpois,
eighth grader at Kadic Academy.
Sorry, but I've gotta sign off now,
but I repeat, don't worry.
Charlie Foxtrot 41, wait!
[theme music]
[mechanical clanking]
-I got here as soon as I could.
-Great, you're right on time.
Now Aelita can send
the three of us to Lyoko.
[computer keys clicking]
You should've brought a sweater along,
‘cause we're headed straight
for the Ice Sector.
-[digital blipping]
-[Jeremy] Hello?
-Hello, can anybody hear me?
-Jeremy?
It can't be. If he's in that plane,
then so is his voice.
[jet engines roar]
[Aelita] Jeremy, I read you loud
and clear. We're at the factory.
If you guys have all met over there,
that means there's an activated tower.
[Aelita] Relax, Jeremy, we're on it.
[Jeremy] Just one detail,
XANA's taken control
of the fighter jet that I'm in.
What are you going to do?
[Jeremy]
Unfortunately, the plane is armed.
XANA must have a target in mind.
Listen, give us your bearing
and your position, okay?
I'll check out your trajectory.
[Jeremy] Good idea, Aelita.
Here are my GPS coordinates: N 47-43-13,
E 01-34-45.
And we're heading north-northeast,
bearing 042.
-[computer keys clicking]
-Nothing in sight.
[digital blipping]
-Oh, no!
-[Jeremy] What is it?
The fighter jet is headed for the factory!
Then that means that XANA's target
is the Supercomputer!
[Aelita] The factory will be
in firing range in fifteen minutes.
[Jeremy] That's all the time
you've got left
to deactivate the tower.
Hurry down to the scanner room,
while I start up
the virtualization process.
[elevator engine whirring]
[mechanical clanking]
Are you guys ready? Here we go.
Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Odd.
Transfer Yumi.
-[low humming]
-Scanner Ulrich.
Scanner Odd.
Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization.
[electrical sparking]
No one here to greet us?
Bummer. I was hoping for a little warm up.
[Aelita] Jeremy,
I should have listened to you.
You were right about XANA attacking
this afternoon.
Don't worry, Aelita.
I didn't really think XANA
would attack either.
It was just an excuse.
The truth is
that you wouldn't believe
just how afraid I am of flying.
[Aelita] The delayed
self-transfer process is running.
I'm going down to the scanner room now.
Good luck everybody.
[jet engines roar]
[theme music]
[electrical sparking]
Hurry, the tower should be that way.
We've gotta walk there?
Sorry, but I didn't have time
to call up the vehicles.
[Ulrich] You wanted a warm up, Odd.
Now you've got one.
[action music]
[Greg moans]
What… What's happening?
You were out cold for a while.
[control] Charlie Foxtrot 41,
come in please. Do you copy?
I repeat, do you copy?
This is Charlie Foxtrot 41.
I blacked out, but I'm okay now.
Listen. We have now gone
into Red Alert phase.
We've no choice but to execute
Tango contingency.
Do you copy?
Control, are you aware
that we have a civilian on board?
[control] Charlie Foxtrot 41, do you copy?
Affirmative.
Ready for Tango contingency.
What's the Tango contingency?
In order to avoid a total disaster,
they're gonna shoot us out of the air.
[shrieks] What?
[Aelita] There's the tower.
Looks quiet to me.
A bit too quiet even.
[Ulrich] You're right.
Without Einstein and his radar,
-it's not gonna be as easy as usual.
-[Odd] Yeah.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist
to know that bad guys are lurking around.
[action music]
You see? What did I tell you?
What's up, Krabcakes?
[Ulrich] Super sprint!
Yee-ah!
[explosion]
[laser blasts]
[robotic clanking]
[explosion]
[Odd] You get rid of one
and there are three to take its place!
[robotic clanking]
XANA's trying to delay us, guys.
Ulrich, Odd, all three at once.
We have to force our way through.
Good idea, Yumi.
You sure know how to talk to men!
[lasers charging]
[all] Yee-ah!
[robotic clanking]
[tense music]
I've been expecting you.
[Jeremy] Tell me it's not true, sir.
They can't just shoot us down.
That's the safety procedure, kid,
but don't worry about it.
We'll eject first.
What makes you think I was worried,
Lieutenant?
No reason to be.
Everything will go just fine as long as
you do exactly what I tell you.
First of all, put your oxygen mask on.
In front of you,
there's a dark red handle.
-Do you see it?
-[Jeremy] Yeah, I got it.
I'll start counting,
and on three we'll hit it together.
Our seats will be expelled,
and we'll eject.
Once we're clear,
the parachutes will open automatically.
-Are you ready?
-[Jeremy] Let's go.
[Greg] One, two, three!
[click]
[ominous music]
Charlie Foxtrot 41 to control.
Unable to eject.
[Jeremy] XANA is holding us prisoner.
-[blast]
-[Aelita whimpers]
-[Aelita screams]
-[William grunts]
All right, enough fooling around.
[laser blasts]
[William] Super smoke!
[gasps]
[laser blasts]
-[William grunts]
-[Aelita groans]
[Odd] I don't think
the lady wants to dance with you.
[laser blasts]
I got a bang out of that!
[menacing music]
[lasers blasting]
[explosion]
Yee-ah!
Yah!
[crash]
[lasers blasting]
[shouts] No!
Super sprint!
[explosion]
Welcome to the club.
[swords slicing]
[Ulrich straining]
[theme music]
[mechanical clanking]
[shouts] Oh no!
[beeping]
[jet engines roaring]
Please Lieutenant,
tell them to wait just a little bit longer
before they shoot us down.
Sorry, kid, but five minutes
is not gonna make a big difference.
It will. I can't tell you how or why,
but please believe me.
I've got friends who can turn
this whole situation around.
-Control?
-[control] We read you,
Charlie Foxtrot 41.
Don't forget that we've got
a civilian on board,
a child.
Only, I repeat, only execute procedure
as a last resort.
Over and out.
It's okay. He's leaving.
No. He's pulling behind us
to get a better line of fire
to shoot us down.
[tense music]
What is going on now? Another problem?
[beeping]
Oh no! The missile's just armed itself!
It's all set to be launched.
Delta Bravo 89, this is control.
Target will be entering a populated zone
in less than thirty seconds.
Your orders
are to shoot it down immediately!
[pilot] Roger.
[beeping]
What's going on?
Our missile is going to fire.
[missile roars]
[Jeremy] Oh no, the factory!
Delta Bravo 89.
Forget the aircraft
and direct your fire at the missile.
[pilot] Roger.
[swords slicing]
[William groans]
That's my remedy for a swelled head.
Aelita, the tower. Hurry!
[pilot] Control tower,
this is Delta Bravo 89.
The missile's going too fast.
I can't lock it in!
[ethereal music]
[Greg] No response at all.
XANA wants to get rid of me too.
[electrical sparking]
[engines die]
[screams]
[digital whirring]
[all gasp]
[ethereal music]
[missile roaring]
[straining]
[digital blipping]
-Return to the past now.
-[click]
[Jeremy and Greg straining]
Jeremy?
Well, so you're
the mysterious postcard writer, huh?
[Jeremy] Yeah.
The hardest part
was changing my handwriting,
-but it was worth it, wasn't it?
-It sure was.
It reminded me
that I'm not alone in the world,
that someone cares about me.
Belpois! I've been looking
for Della Robbia for hours now.
Have you seen him?
No. What has he done?
Nothing, at all.
I was just wondering if he had
any more of that home-made pâté left.
It was really delicious.
[laughs]
[Jeremy] Sorry about that, Jim,
but Odd took off.
He had to catch a plane.
This is your lucky day, you know.
Jeremy. Jeremy Belpois.
You're really gonna love this, Jeremy.
It's an incredible experience. Here we go.
You'll go nice and easy, right?
I'm not scared or anything only…
[screaming]
Let me out of here!
[jet engines roar]
[theme music]